README.md, before:

# Restaurant Page

[Live Demo](https://johnferrancol.github.io/restaurant-page/)<br/><br/>
[![The Odin Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/The%20Odin%20Project-A9792B?logo=theodinproject&logoColor=fff)](#)

## Overview

This is a project from [The Odin Project](https://theodinproject.com): [Project: Restaurant Page](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-restaurant-page). This project required us to create a dynamically rendered Restaurant Page.

## Learning Points

- Understood how to use JavaScript to dynamically render a page through DOM Manipulation
- Understood how to use ESM as well as npm to scale a web application dynamically
- Understood using Webpacks to bundle up HTML, CSS and Javascript

## Tech Stack

- [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white)](#)
- [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff)](#)
- [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)](#)
- [![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?logo=npm&logoColor=fff)](#)
- [![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)](#)

## Roadmap

- [x] Setting up the Webpack template, and the index HTML and JS files
- [x] Added header and footer HTML pages
- [x] Created a home page by adding content to the main element of the HTML for the website using JS
- [x] Created tab switching logic in the Restaurant Page
- [x] Populate content for the menu and contact tab

Commit message:

Update README.md - Added instructions for installation

README.md, after:

# Restaurant Page

[Live Demo](https://johnferrancol.github.io/restaurant-page/)<br/><br/>
[![The Odin Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/The%20Odin%20Project-A9792B?logo=theodinproject&logoColor=fff)](#)

## Overview

This is a project from [The Odin Project](https://theodinproject.com): [Project: Restaurant Page](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-restaurant-page). This project required us to create a dynamically rendered Restaurant Page.

## Learning Points

- Understood how to use JavaScript to dynamically render a page through DOM Manipulation
- Understood how to use ESM as well as npm to scale a web application dynamically
- Understood using Webpacks to bundle up HTML, CSS and Javascript

## Tech Stack

- [![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-%23E34F26.svg?logo=html5&logoColor=white)](#)
- [![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?logo=css3&logoColor=fff)](#)
- [![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=000)](#)
- [![npm](https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-CB3837?logo=npm&logoColor=fff)](#)
- [![Webpack](https://img.shields.io/badge/webpack-%238DD6F9.svg?&logo=webpack&logoColor=black)](#)

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation
1) Cloning the Github Repository
   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:JohnFerrancol/restaurant-page.git
   ```
3) Installing npm packages
  ```sh
  npm install
  ```
3) Running the webpack server
  ```sh
  npm run serve
  ```

## Roadmap

- [x] Setting up the Webpack template, and the index HTML and JS files
- [x] Added header and footer HTML pages
- [x] Created a home page by adding content to the main element of the HTML for the website using JS
- [x] Created tab switching logic in the Restaurant Page
- [x] Populate content for the menu and contact tab
